What is true about collection configuration elements?
a#. This helps in wiring a list of values, allowing duplicates.

b. This helps in wiring a list of values but without any duplicates.

c. This can be used to inject a collection of name-value pairs where name and value can be of any type.

d. This can be used to inject a collection of name-value pairs where the name and value are both Strings.

How do you turn on annotation wiring?
a. Add to bean configuration.

b. Add to bean configuration.

c. Add to bean configuration.

d#. Add to bean configuration.

What is the scope of stateful bean?
a. session

b. global-session

c#. prototype

d. request

What BeanPostProcessor does?
a. It processes beans once a bean is initialized.

b. It defines callback methods that you can implement to provide your own instantiation logic, dependency-resolution logic etc.

c. It processes beans once a bean is loaded.

d. It processes beans once a bean exits.

What is ContextStoppedEvent event?
a. This event is published when the Servlet Context is either initialized or refreshed.

b. This event is published when the ApplicationContext is stopped using the stop() method on the ConfigurableApplicationContext interface.

c. This event is published when the HTTP Request is received.

d. This event is published when the HTTP Response is returned.

What is Target object?
a. A represents a object in your application where you can plug-in AOP aspect.

b. The object being advised by one or more aspects, this object will always be a proxy object, also referred to as the advised object.

c. This is used to inject values in objects.

d. This is not invoked during program execution by Spring AOP framework.

Expression Language/ SpEL was introduced in which version of spring framework.

a. 1.0

b. 2.0

c#. 3.0

d. 4.0

Which among these is not an applications server provided by Spring Boot?

a. Embedded Tomcat

b. Jetty

c#. Binary Link

d. Undertow

Does Spring Boot in anyway reduce the need to write lots of configuration? yes

Why is it possible to get started with minimum effort on Spring Boost?

a. Because it has easy to use codes

b. Because it is enabled by spring framework

c. Because it has an opinionated view on spring platform

d. Because it is well explained


Which among these does Spring Boot not provide?

a. Externalized configuration

b. Equalizer

c. Health checks

d. Metrix

The auto-configuration chooses what to create based on the availability of what?
a. Fork

b. Files

c. Beans

d. Information

Does Spring Boot require XML Configuration to function? No

Does Spring Boot favour Configuration over Convention ? No

Which of these is not true of Spring Boot?

a. No code generation

b. No requirement of XML configuration

c. No starter POMs

d. No need for WAR files



